[Music]
there's one thing I know about the world
it's not the little things that matter
it's the tiny things do you want yes
Jesus my life my name is Bella and this
is how I met Lucas see those things I
really like you maybe that's a sign her
home supposed to be don't you shoot oh
don't you shoot that one was his
favorite over the years we did
everything together
good we chased squirrel
[Music]
we went to work we even played a game
called doctor doctor doctor game
everything all right yeah life with
Lucas was the best but when he wasn't
around I missed him so much that
squirrel again squirrel squirrel
squirrel
[Music]
duh looks like she needs help
where the church I was very far from
home
but I knew Lucas was waiting for me and
I had to go and find him
when my
even better than a tiny piece of cheese
we all face things that are hard the
only thing that gets us through it are
the special people in our lives and I
was never going to stop searching until
I found mine
[Music]
that dog saved his life
No
you
[Music]